Let's learn coloring techniques for
improve the quality of work
hit in the first class
let's learn color in gradient
using only one color from the dark to
Of course we started putting more
weight by its intensity in the hand of this
so the color gets stronger and
few we let not be more
smooth so that the color becomes
clearer and consequently
we managed to give the gradient effect
in case of light to dark we go
do the reverse
we start with the light soft hand
creating light and gradual tones
putting more weight strength and intensity
on the hand to create the darker tones
Let's try doing
the first step is to search for a drawing
to send her to color then
choose a color
let's color and observe